Add 2021 voting document (#851)
open-telemetry/community: elections/2021/governance-committee-election.md

# OpenTelemetry 2021 Governance Committee election

Please see **[the list of candidates running in the election here](./governance-committee-candidates.md)**.

This document lays out the 2021 election process per the OpenTelemetry
governance committee
[charter document](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/master/governance-charter.md#establishment-of-a-governance-committee)
requirements.

> In this election there are five seats that need to be filled. The nominees list
> will be shared October 15th, voting will take place October 25th-27th, and the
> results will be announced October 29th.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this election there are five seats that need to be filled. 

Election schedule:
* October 13th - final deadline to submit nominations
* October 15th - official nominees list published
* October 25th-27th - voting takes place
* October 29th - results announced
```

One of two options will be available in the form to prove eligibility:

* GitHub handle
* List either…
  * Your contributions to OpenTelemetry that make you eligible to vote, or
  * Your non-code contributions per the [Members of Standing section of the charter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/master/governance-charter.md#members-of-standing):
    particularly, your relationship to a well-known project that’s taken a hard
    dependency on OpenTelemetry, and/or your involvement with a well-known
    organization’s adoption of OpenTelemetry as an end-user.

All exemption forms are private. Only the members of a current governance
committee and election committee will have access to this information. Lists
will be discarded one month after the election.

# Vote

Everyone with voting rights may log into
[Helios Voting](https://vote.heliosvoting.org/helios/elections/bbeab1b8-1406-11ec-b980-eacead3a3158/view)
using their GitHub account.
Voting will be approval voting. Each voter may select up to 5 candidates.
The 5 candidates with the most votes win the election.

> Late registrations to vote and requests to re-send the voting link will be

Reviewer 2: is resending a link still actual?

Reviewer 3: nope, you just have to sign in with github. but if someone doesn't have a github account, we can accommodate sending them a username/password.
